I really love it I love this
moment of the day when I enter my
studio I sit in my gaming chair and I
see myself on screen I'm really
delighted to know myself before starting with
the video since I answer a lot of people
who ask me on instagram
where I got this pretty t-shirt and
this sexy body and I have to say
that you can buy this t-shirt in
the link in the description the body no
the body is not for sale
well everything is negotiable and it was made by
my designer he is a person who is
part of my team the one who takes all
the thumbnails and everything but all the
graphic design of my channel my
website and so on so if you like give it
a chance we definitely live
in a society we live in a [ __ ]
society the world is going to [ __ ] and
we live in a time where
influencers are filling page after
page of news the
rhinoplasty gives the review it has been
great
the influence it has on the cover of
the magazine there are no
press articles with this news so
absolutely relevant I don't love it
because this news has been put on
flux  no it's a website a page of
antenna 3 that is associated at the same time with
you planet planet win michu and they release
this news five concerts that are
not entirely objective arrested on
youtube alfa sniper for driving at 228
kilometers per hour with a lamborghini
lies it's that I told myself lies it will turn
out that alfa was not arrested
the police did not even stop him no he did not
even go out that night the car was
parked at his [ __ ] house they are
telling you here in this news that they
had to take the car away from him to
leave him in custody the car and it turns out
that no that the car is still with him and
well without going any further today it was
news on the program four everything is a
lie which by the way I send you a
big hug because I also had my
minutes of glory on that program when
I fought with frank cuesta and the news
today in all the lies are like
headlines that johann planas is sexist
that joan plaza 6 sexist that current events
on four news bombs informative the
news is a millionaire no breaking edition
the las flores is back but no
wait wait I have another very good one
the su  brother has also died
we found his body pay attention to
this news also the one of hey
cristina pedroche my father is unemployed
and my mother works cleaning in a
school that's a headline but the
funniest thing
is that people are insulting the daughter
of a [ __ ] then support him you [ __ ]
with the huge salary he has give him
the money if I were rich like you my
father didn't lack anything but you guys
what the [ __ ] do you know why people always
get into these things that they don't call
you what do you know if they don't talk to
the parents if the girls owe money
everywhere and in reality he doesn't earn that much what
is with you know what the [ __ ] you know what he
donates and doesn't donate besides
one's economy is independent of
their parents okay I can help them but it's
another thing to support them I don't
teach them it's that we live in a shitty society
in which we give importance to
something that in reality I don't know if they
have it or in reality but because without
these things in life we ​​wouldn't be able to
laugh but let's see today I
'm going to talk to you  of del dolphin it is not felt to
pronounce well but it is a girl who has
gone very viral in
recent weeks for her star product
in her merchandising green gamer girl water
the end is an influence that is
dedicated to modeling no and lives
practically off donations in
patriotic I imagine that now she also receives
some income from her youtube channel
and from her channel in x it
is not pronounced well I am going to have to
mention it several times and I am going to
find it as it would be said in Spanish for
a porn center it turns out that this girl has
also created a channel in a
porn center where in reality well then
we will see what she uploads on that
page but come on her main source of
income is modeling this girl does
modeling like maybe wittig and other
purchases well if you want me to
introduce you to an account give it a lot of it and
this video and maybe a video dedicated to
it and she receives her support in patriotic also
a lot of support be careful that she has
four thousand patrons more than 4000 patrons
where the one who donates the least a dollar or
rather the one who gives the least a dollar but
there will be people who donate 5  that I donated 25 to her
that I doubled 50 or the fork is
huge
the fork can go from 4000 because it
has a maximum reward of 2 thousand 500
dollars that cappa and there is someone who
gives it to her but what we can know is
that at least this girl earns
four thousand dollars in nationality in fact
one thing that was said at the time that she was
summoned to court when the
government realized that she earned so much money or
treasury or whatever corresponds in her country
because the girls did not declare
that paying a good fine is also being
talked about a lot these days
because he has handled Instagram okay
the way of Instagram because
Instagram appeared well he is not happy about what
this girl does came to you because you
think that they damaged her account I think it
is because she was excessively sexy
telam shot for being too sexy or
indie because if that were real I
understand why they suspend my
twitter account so many times let's see I
understand that each one takes advantage of their
attributes and their physical characteristics
to take advantage of this girl genetics
gives her the luck of having that  physique and being
able to make money against the animal
in front of the physique and to me,
this alone is not for sale baby but I think that it has
gone a little by little, it's worth a
little maybe a little bit of the hand and as I was
saying it has gone very viral in
recent months for its
merchandising store where, as it is also
saying, the star product was the
gamer girl water, the gay girl water,
I also love the
gamer girl thing because this girl there is no
Jaime, I mean when I've seen events
they will be under 20 with their YouTube channel and
that girl doesn't play anything either because she is a
gamer girl people say that game girl
is simply because she wears a pink wig
because she wears a kitten ear like
Windy but she doesn't play anything, in other words, it
is becoming the monopoly of
gamer girl please lifelong gamer girl
was the one who sat
next to Tobalina getting naked
while playing FIFA and that's it
well the thing is that this water that
this girl put on sale in some carts is
worth some very pretty little bottles  by the
way it was the water that
this girl bathed with she would take the water she had
used to bathe she would put it in
jars and sell them for 30 dollars to
float her head but the best thing
is not or the best thing is that the resistances ran out I
imagine it would be from
the glass jars because I don't
understand I mean if you had the bathtub you
take a bath and you get out how many little jars of
that can you fill so that the stock runs out there are a
lot of people involved with the girl and
insulting her calling her everyone
a lot of youtubers came out to criticize her the
blonde for example it is also a video that
touches that ruby ​​​​balls you read
nobody to criticize someone for selling
crap because I had the troll book in days
and also to voter the editions
for 15 euros things as they are blonde I
take you here but the book was
crap and not only that but this girl
with this product has made a good
life and given the idea to influencers
to develop their creativity
you know what that means and I already know that
many have asked me  that they sell my
bath water and I don't think I will do it because I think I
could make good money
because right now we are going to have her as an
influencer selling it, I don't know
[Music] I did
n't want to be rude okay no I'm not going to
say what I wanted to say but I think you
all understood me and I would
be in danger not because if they
started selling their song in jars,
you might get more out there said khan
julio iglesia like for example it just occurred to me
lorena and from now on don't
throw my sweaty t-shirts in the wash okay they
sell it but be careful what
wind says and serious that the whole thing of
selling water in jars that have their
logistics and selling her
gamer girl water requires certain
logistics and I know because simply me
sending my page posters but that
requires logistics it requires time
she had a base a label that has to
do the logistics of products of course of
course it's that all this is
like a factory does not have the
labor put the jar on the sticker and
then sell it for 30 bucks I don't know if I could
call it luck but luckily
between  quotes we have a video where you can
see the production of this product
what is the process that this girl carries
out to create the gamer girl water
as a good professional of the criticism
that I am I am going to watch the video but
only to study the case ok as as
informative methods she has she has
her co
labor this is called okay I
understand that everyone is free to have
the fetishes that they want okay in
fact we have cracker who gets
horny with the feet of others now
for cracker we can understand that a
flip flop would be the equivalent of
a thong and I can respect that not everyone will
take that water they will spend thirty
euros and now with the water whatever they like there will
be people who drink it there will be
people who throw it on or use it as
lubricant and get horny they can get
horny thinking that that water has been
the thing is that I am getting a
little bit turned on by this girl's YouTube channel
and I will find this video
where she does well where she has some kind
of friendship or relationship with a
dead octopus with a dead octopus just as
I am  looking okay she has taken a
dead octopus she has given it some little eyes and
does things with the octopus yes it is true
that the girl is very cute okay the girl
is very cute but she is crazy crazy
and this is what I wanted to
show you now she gets into the bathtub with the octopus
and she is scrubbing the octopus there
in the water with her soap with her swimsuit and I might as well
buy the water
as if it were water passed through her body
and you are living with these things my
god the worst thing is that things have gotten out
of hand things have gone much
further than you think and the success of
her gamer girl water has been so
resounding that this second edition costs
more
specifically 250 bucks this girl sells
a jar with water that she has
bathed in I don't know exactly how many liters that will have
for 250 dollars
although profits sir the internet
thank you very much for the internet but not only
that but she has released more products
legally we have here the merchandising of
this girl ok and she has a range of posters
she has these five desserts that how
you've been the girl is gorgeous and
any teenager would put it in their
room as a poster but what's the point a poster
costs 50 bucks since it's a poster of
a bus stop or what the [ __ ] pay attention pay attention
gamer girl chewed gum 50 dollars a
gamer girl chewed gum these guys have the [ __ ] master
I don't know what I'm
thinking but for me this
chick is the [ __ ] master she'll be at home with her boyfriend and she's having a great time recording some nonsense at the laugh pause I even want to understand that this selling water and selling the bitten gum hasn't even been a serious idea not even in her head would
the possibility of selling it for real or
yes because people are crazy
but this chick is the pure master with some
nonsense she's making a fortune she
lives her life in private we don't know anything
about them not even her real name
on top of that she disguises herself because yes no matter how much we
see her face she's here
with eyelashes with ears with wigs it's
very likely with all the millions of
views she has that you pass them on
the street and  she recognizes them and she's making a
killing and the day this ends she'll
have a full house and so long Lucas
and she must be breaking the bank
because she's probably
selling this with gamer girl pee for 10,000
dollars. In light of this, I don't even know what to
say if I'm really throwing away 10 thousand dollars
every time I throw away 10 thousand dollars from the stores
or if I pee it's not worth the same, meaning I'm doing
business as a dick, you do
n't drink water that's free, the baby from the
tap or even a lot of pineapple juice that
costs a dollar for us, you make me take out
10 thousand dollars what the [ __ ] is wrong with the
world, I mean if my grandmother gets
up and finds out I know that I'm here
working today commenting on a video about a
girl who sells her VIPs and well I would
probably buy it just for your
use I would probably buy it I
really try to understand people's fetishes
and respect it not as long as they
respect me but why would I buy
someone's pee and the truth is that
people's pee has many
possibilities I put in Wikipedia which
is one hundred percent reliable  you already know you have that it
can be used to
water the plant it has many
nutrients and such and even in
ancient times it was used to brush your
teeth that's what I understand that it
can go like that no I understand that there will be
people who brush their teeth with
the pee of this girl who is giving me
a lot of disgust what I'm commenting on I'm
really trying to be sarcastic
but I can't I was going to say
something very disgusting but I want to monetize
this video although I don't think it's
possible at this point I think I
realized too late the subject I'm
dealing with but I'm going to tell you one thing
if this video arrives I'm not going to put the
number of likes because it never arrived if
this video has a lot of support in the
next one I'm going to react to the
porn videos of this girl in your hand I
leave it as always I will be reading in the
comments so
until the next video